Add the GMT postdoc add (#57)
GenericMappingTools/website: index.rst

               <h2>News</h2>

               <ul>
               <li>
                  2020-06-23:
                  <b>GMT postdoctoral position</b> available at SOEST, U of Hawaii at Mānoa.

>                   Click to <a href="LINK TO GOOGLE DOCS HERE"> view ad details</a> or

Author: Need to add the link to google docs here.

Reviewer: https://docs.google.com/document/d/15-ksiUotquaNYVnnpy8NKIWNU8pGPduf8__jZLSvGQE/edit?usp=sharing

Author: Done, but not sure it the permission is correct, since I can still edit it.

Reviewer: Sorry, this is apparently the direct link to the job ad
https://hcmweb.rcuh.com/psp/hcmprd_exapp/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=3&JobOpeningId=220288&PostingSeq=1
The google docs has this link now.

>                   Click to <a href="LINK TO GOOGLE DOCS HERE"> view ad details</a> or

Author: ```suggestion
                  Click to <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/15-ksiUotquaNYVnnpy8NKIWNU8pGPduf8__jZLSvGQE/edit?usp=sharing"> view ad details</a> or
```

               <h2>News</h2>

               <ul>
               <li>
                  2020-06-23:
                  <b>GMT postdoctoral position</b> available at SOEST, U of Hawaii at Mānoa.
                  Click to
                  <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/15-ksiUotquaNYVnnpy8NKIWNU8pGPduf8__jZLSvGQE/edit?usp=sharing"> view ad details</a>
                  or

>                   <a target="_blank" href="https://hcmweb.rcuh.com/psc/hcmprd_exapp/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?FOCUS=Applicant&">apply online now</a>!

Author: ```suggestion
                  <a target="_blank" href="https://hcmweb.rcuh.com/psp/hcmprd_exapp/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=3&JobOpeningId=220288&PostingSeq=1">apply online now</a>!
```
